# 3. Integration of blockchain and digital assets

Many problems have arisen after the digitization of resources, such as piracy and infringement, privacy leaks, and illegal data reselling. The key reason behind these problems is that the transaction circulation, ownership certification, rights protection and other mechanisms of data resources are not perfect enough, making it difficult for "digital resources" to form "digital assets" and the value of data to be fully demonstrated. The emergence of blockchain technology solves the above problems. More and more industries are coming up with their own blockchain solutions. It can play a role quickly after being implemented. Blockchain can help digital assets further develop and achieve upgrades. details as follows: From centralization to decentralization, build an ecosystem of digital assets. Blockchain promotes product and cultural exchanges in all walks of life and no longer relies on third-party institutions or centralized management. From distrust to trust, blockchain helps digital assets solve fraud, repeated payments, etc. question. The operation of the system is open and transparent, and credit can be guaranteed through the "signature" mechanism and the principle of "the minority obeys the majority". Users can check and trace the source of tokens at any time, and no longer worry about risks such as counterfeiting. From unsafe to safe, information will be sent from the current node to all nodes after each transaction. When the transaction is re-transacted, the block will self-check whether the data has been tampered with the data of other nodes. Once it is found, it will be restored from the data of other nodes, effectively preventing hackers from tampering with the data.
