# 4. What is KIA?

The full name of the KIA public chain project: (Kinachain). Based on the metaverse field, it is built on blockchain technology and can establish point-to-point interoperability security and trust in the network, eliminating intermediary interference in the value transfer process, both disclosing information and protecting privacy, making joint decisions and protecting individual rights and interests. Therefore, KIA using blockchain technology can support the realization of high-trust applications in digital currency business by subverting the traditional currency information system technology model. KIA is a virtual mapping of the real world. It is linked to our travel, shopping, financial management and other aspects of life. The residents of KIA live and produce according to preset rules, and economic activities proceed in an orderly manner, forming a The real metaverse world. KIA is a new public chain that integrates various decentralized applications (DAPPs) derived from the three major sectors of virtual space and time (Metaverse), life finance sector (LifeFi) and entertainment finance sector (ENTFI (Entertainment Finance)). ), among which LifeFi and ENTFI are the latest concepts proposed by the KIA public chain. What is Lifefi? Our daily lives are inseparable from some necessities in life, such as shopping, eating, taking taxis, working, accommodation, communication, etc., which are all necessities in life. From this, the concept of Lifefi is derived. Recently, RWA (Real World Assets) This ecosystem has also been widely mentioned. The core concept of the RWA ecosystem is to incorporate various real assets into the digital ecosystem to provide users with transparent, safe, and efficient financial tools without the need for traditional financial intermediaries. Therefore, the RWA ecosystem is also part of the Lifefi lifestyle sector. What is ENTFI? ENTFI represents the entertainment financial sector. The birth of ENTFI marks the integration of financial products in the entertainment industry, such as the tourism industry, swimming, fitness, movies, reading, singing, games and other entertainment products, which will suddenly explode in 2022 The core concept of GameFi is "play and earn". This model subverts the "Pay-to-Play" or "free to play" in traditional games. In the world of GameFi, players can not only enjoy the game, but also obtain actual benefits through in-game economic activities, providing players with new motivation to invest more time and energy. However, GameFi is also an entertainment project, so it also belongs to the ENTFI ecological application sector. Technology was born to serve the public, but from another perspective, if everyone around the world is playing and making money through GameFi, then the development of social technology will stagnate; Therefore, the birth of the KIA public chain means integrating resources to provide users with more convenient conveniences while extending to daily life areas. Through the two major sectors of LifeFi and ENTFI, a more realistic metaverse virtual world is created and becomes the third major sector. . Open a new world! There are also various applications such as decentralized finance (Defi), smart contracts (hybrid mining), art trading and auction (NFT) malls, carpooling, order dispatching, etc., which cleverly innovate and integrate the internal disk mechanism to create a unique sharing community The cluster ecological economic model has become the star ecology of the Yuanverse in one fell swoop! KIA virtualizes things in the real world. In the KIA space, there are tradable entities such as land, buildings, shopping malls, equipment, etc., integrating the metaverse to realize the value transfer of virtual things, and building decentralized finance through the KIA public chain Ecology, in a completely realistic virtual world experience, experience technological innovation and build a world and space that you dominate.
