# 6. Features of KIA

1. Diversity KIA provides open and free creation, continuous production of content, and diversity. As a virtual space where users live for a long time, KIA will continue to develop various types of application scenarios, open third-party interfaces to lower the threshold of creation, and form a self-evolution mechanism. 2 Social Universality The KIA Metaverse can break through the limitations of physical time and space, not only forming a replacement for offline relationships, but also bringing about major changes in mainstream social models based on recognition of virtual environments and existences. Immersive experience. The KIA Metaverse should be a substitute for the real world. Under the general trend of combining virtual and real, Information terminals develop along the lines of high-frequency interaction and immersion, based on VR and AR The breakthrough in fidelity of XR devices will bring a qualitative improvement to the immersive experience.
2. Individualized economic system KIA has independent economic attributes. Anyone can create, trade, and "work" to obtain rewards, forming an economic and cultural prosperity that is similar to or even similar to real life. (1) Payment freedom - Pay and receive any amount of funds instantly, anytime and anywhere. No borders, no imposed restrictions. KIA allows its users to have complete control over their funds. (2) Where usage is unavailable or fraud rates are unacceptably high, merchants can easily expand into new markets. The end result is lower fees, a larger market, and fewer administrative costs. (3) Security and control - KIA users have full control over their transactions; merchants cannot force charges that should not be or are not easily discovered in other payment methods. (4) Transparent and Neutral - All information about the KIA fund supply itself is stored in the blockchain and can be inspected and used by anyone in real time. This allows the KIA core to be believed to be completely neutral, transparent and predictable. (5) Smart contracts - KIA's use of smart contracts means that blockchain transactions go far beyond the basic functions of currency transactions, and there will be a wider range of instructions embedded in the blockchain. In the past, a traditional contract was an agreement between two or more parties to do or not do something in exchange for something, and each party must trust that each other will fulfill its obligations. Smart contracts do not need to trust each other, because smart contracts are not only defined by code, but also enforced by code, completely automatic and unable to intervene. A smart contract program is not just a computer program that can be executed automatically. It is itself a system participant that responds to received information, can receive and store value, and can also send information and value out. This program is like a trusted person who can temporarily keep assets and always perform operations according to prior rules. Smart contracts solve the trust problem in traditional contracts, significantly reduce the cost of trust, and effectively protect the interests of both parties to the contract.
