# 2. The Metaverse has become the focus of capital competition

In March 2021, the Metaverse concept stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the form of a DPO. The market value exceeded US$40 billion on the first day of listing, setting off a craze for the Metaverse, which quickly became a hot topic on the Internet. At present, the metaverse virtual world has also become the focus of capital competition. International giants including Facebook are laying out the Metaverse track. Data shows that the Metaverse market size is It will reach US$470 billion in 2025 and US$1.5 trillion in 2030. Under the current spotlight of the Metaverse, major technology giants have joined in, resulting in more derivative models of the Metaverse. Combined with the Gamefi concept that will explode in 2022, the Metaverse "chain games" will usher in the industry New outlet! The Metaverse comes from the 1992 science fiction book "Snow Crash", which describes an online world similar to the real world. Metaverse in today's sense refers to the next-generation Internet form derived from the integration of VR/AR technology, the Internet, games, and social networks. The freedom, equality, openness, and eternity advocated by the Metaverse are a natural match with the values ​​of the Metaverse, as are the decentralization, traceability, and "code is law" features of blockchain technology smart contract protocols. Therefore, on-chain protocols are also regarded as the best technical solution to realize the concept of the metaverse. Nowadays, the "metaverse formed by connecting virtual worlds" has been considered by the investment community to be limited to the blockchain game sector. Although there is other room for development, the concept of the metaverse is currently limited to games (Gamefi ). The KIA public chain team does not think so. The Metaverse should have a more ambitious and promising future. Although the Metaverse is favored by major capital in terms of games, it combines the Gamefi concept to create on-chain games that make money while playing, so the game has always been It is a huge market, and the gaming industry creates an economy worth hundreds of billions of dollars every year. But returning to tradition, life cannot be limited to playing games. Technology itself is to serve mankind. However, in the KIA team’s understanding, the world of the Metaverse cannot be said to be just entertainment; There is a world where you can have fun, learn, and do many meaningful things. Ultimately, the virtual world of the Metaverse must be used to serve the real world. If the blockchain can solve other life application sectors besides chain games and continuously carry out iterative updates, the real Metaverse world may come faster. Blockchain was considered to be virtual currency in the traditional sense at the beginning. However, as the world of blockchain continues to iterate, with the emergence of blockchain games, DAPP and other fields, it is necessary to further release the potential of the Metaverse through technological advantages. It will be a supermarket that cannot be ignored in the future.
